July-11-2016.txt
- I thought i was going to share a demo, but I did not!  Shame on me!

What did I do? 
I spent my time getting matching the requirements of the assignment.  Established a new way of keeping on task. I discovered I was able to get alot more done, when I stick with one idea until it is complete.  I revolve that around tasks i document in my stand up notes as well as TODO comment flags scattered through out my code.  Maybe Ill find a plugin or write a script that greps out all the lines that have TODO on it.  

What struggles did I have?
The requirements I am having the most difficult with are updating the dashboard with my search. I have added a jquery datepicker which with out dislaying the calender part of it makes it fit very well.  The arrows do no do what I anticapate them to do.

What will I be working on today?
This morning i was reading through some bootstrap examples and realized a couple different ways I can condense my dashboard with drop downs.  
[!] Format Money in top ten graphs
[!] Jquery datepicker
[!] bootstrap drop down, to condense dashboard
[!] improve d3 graphs
	[!] Graph ranges for top parts by cost
	[!] top techs by part cost, seems to not have data, look into that.
[!] HTML title varies upon changing templates. 
[!] Continue reading Database design book.
[!] Managing TODOs through out code base
[!] Format Money in top ten graphs

Brett- contining accountability, focus is UI today.
Chad - milestone 2 views.  What is the difference between milestone 1 and milestone 2?
dealers can have different bei packages.  Dealer privledges?
Dave - GIS, full twenty four hours.  Sync mysql servers. Dev wiki?  Meters project?

Company Meeting
----------------
Right now for training I am working on my graphing skills, so I can take arbitrary database data, and automagically turn it into a meanful graphs.
I am constantly wanting to improve my development skills, and I enjoy the rate at which that is going. 
So I am looking forward to pressing onto learning more about how the company works.
I want to understand how BEI makes profit, so I can let that shape my thinking in hopes to start establishing some job security.

BEI Superuser
BEI Admin
Dealer Super User - xy
Dealer admin 

tech user -  read only


user permissions,
